what's up
everybody start off of season two I got
the most anticipated badass [__] kid
bro two up two down I know everybody
been trying to get this in you know what
I'm saying but this is more of a podcast
it's not really an interview so
everybody get their chance but I thank
my boy NE for giving me the opportunity
you know what I'm saying what's up SL
what's up slime talk to me BR how you
feeling BR good yeah I ain't I ain't
never done no [__] like this oh I know
that bro now we here and this being you
doing it which makes it even funnier CRA
you know the people know we work
together bro so it's just like what can
we talk about but the things that they
don't know is we don't post much you
don't post much so it's like what y'all
know like me and ren like me and ren
like really tight like me and ren been
like mad tight like for like probably a
year now and [__] and like really like
not even twin like it's been since like
February BR and look at everything You'
been doing since like February BR I know
the fans have a lot of expectations from
you because it's just like like again
like I said bro it's so fire that you
know where you at mentally you barely
even post yourself bro you barely even
talk on the internet and when you do
it's like very impactful kind of like
the [__] what's it called The Daily
chiefers interview or the [__] what
was the other one the underground sound
[__] you feel me so it's just like I
know this is going to be big because now
they're getting to see you yeah they
kind of getting to see like you know who
I actually like like with me and ren
like I could really show you who I
actually am you feel me cuz I'm I'm with
Ren like you know it's nothing it's more
of the comfortability than just doing
this [__] randomly with just somebody
that doesn't even know much I feel like
too A lot of people that's trying to get
to you they're just trying to get next
to you because you have this big ass hpe
or whatever it is some like it's like
for people like it's it's about the hype
you know like people be seeing this [__]
like it's some hype but like let's
definitely talk about that cuz I know
you're aware of like you know a lot of
people seeing you with the hype and I
believe in your Artistry and that's why
we've been working together so much
because I've seen the Artistry before
the hype and it's just like so many
people just trying to get next to you
trying to help you and you know it is
great and all but like the fact of like
you know just reading that feeling that
intention is hard because like we don't
even know them you feel me and people
are just so fast to just jump into some
[__] defitely it's definitely a lot of
new people um
like every day is new people you know
but shout out them trying to come in and
help out you feel me yeah but I don't
know you know the way we we be going
with things it's definitely new people
but it's not um it's not like uh new
people like like with us you know yeah
hell yeah I feel like it's better that
you know a lot of people try not to
bring newer people in and stay more
grounded with the people they started
with because like you know the more that
you get it's like kind of like the
people are seeing the things that you
are getting and they kind of want it or
to say they're kind of trying to be next
to it and just take it from you so like
you know the fact that you're aware of
that is good yeah but at the same time
like I remember like being in the same
position like maybe not like being next
to the artist you know but like being in
the same fan position you feel me like
um looking at artist is going looking at
artists and like you know really
inspiring to be something like that but
I just like I don't know I understand so
I understand it so much that like you
know I can't like you can't downplay
nobody for being your fan can't ever bro
cuz everybody's going to have their time
like I know I be talking about some like
you know I be on my bag his [__] but
like like I definitely am a like I'm
like I've been a fan before like I'm a
fan you know like I [__] with like
everything you know so what's so like
like since like you know we're bringing
up this topic and this typee of
conversation you have a lot of [__] to
you twin I'm not even going front like
with the whole badass kid [__] like you
know like just everything like you know
I know you have a lot of Inspirations
but like you just the way you are and
the way you represent yourself and the
way you push yourself I feel like you
just have so much [__] that equals net
spend bruh like dead ass bro what are
like most of the like I want to say
things you like or like music you ever
heard of like just coming up that
complete netb for real even down to the
name
twin I mean really bro like me like I
don't like I definitely been [__]
with like future and like Uzi and like
you know like let me think of some more
people I was [__] with back future f
bro for you to be listening the future
bro I was mad young
listening bro I wasn't and you know what
crazy you were younger than I was
listening to Future bro I was listening
to Future at like
2122 talk about this man that wrote the
Bible already for for the homies you
feel me 13 some 12 some [__] like
that fure just cuz like I don't know
like uh I guess during that time period
like that was really when like I think I
I started I started like listening to
rap music because like bro honestly I
think I think it was like Michael
Jackson Fire like cuz like I used to
really [__] with Michael Jackson you
used to [__] bro you're really my ID yo
Michael's a goat BR telling you
regardless of all the [__] that come
with him I ain't trying to like I ain't
trying to hear no [__] about Michael
Jackson me neither I want
to yo you know what's funny bro I'm on
the same type of topic with that [__]
that ass cuz I see Michael as a goat bro
but like you know the internet
perspective is so fried bro I I don't
know I got like a hate in love
relationship with the internet [__]
because it's like everybody has their
own [__] perspective you feel I
definitely feel like the love haate
internet thing is like a real thing but
I feel like the way to um overcome all
that and to just like stay focused and
not really be worried about that is like
um just keep going like positivity bro
just keep doing you for real type [__]
you don't you don't got to do too much
and like if that [__] is actually like
right there like that [__] just going
that [__] is gonna happen like yeah you
know like it's the manifestation yeah I
ain't trying to speak about how like
people be doing that like how people be
coming up and [__] how people be doing
their [__] but like I definitely feel
like the way I'm doing is right and I
would never change the way I'm doing it
but like don't but the fact that you
bring up like Michael it just goes to
show like see that's a crazy ass ins
spawn that's just a crazy ass POV to
just see you know yourself as in like yo
I'll [__] with Michael and he start to
go because Michael had a lot of love and
hate when he was in this [__] so it's
just like you know I feel like a lot of
great artists that are about to be here
for a long time are literally going to
like you know what I'm saying like it's
you you have the same type of
controversy Michael had when it comes to
the love and hate bro yeah you see how
the internet be I ain't G to lie at
first I didn't think there would be like
too much controversy cuz it's like it's
20124 2023 it's 2023 about to be 2024 so
like bro come on yeah the year about to
end it's like come on bro why is there
still hating and [__] like I don't know
and we're so far gone in the future it's
like for what yeah you know what I'm
saying it's like people are really
Holdings back
um they shouldn't either but at the same
time it's like um the love the hate
turns into love and the more you've been
presenting yourself the more you've been
like you know social on social medias
and just showing yourself more and just
talking more I feel like they're they're
starting to understand you more I know
after this so much of that hate they G
to be like wow like we finally get to
hear them we fin get to see where his
head is at and [__] you feel me rather
than just seeing like this badass
[__] kid all over the Internet little
do they know like bro this L they know
I'm the baddest [__] kid facts and
you know what's up bro and that's what I
love about you you feel me like for
example shout out baby OU free my little
boy but when I was working with him it
made me like I was talking to like you
know somebody around my age bro when we
have our conversations and we talk bro
it's crazy you know to see the younger
generation so ahead of their time and
just being so aware bro I remember
somebody telling you like that's a gift
yeah and I remember I was talking to
somebody about this I think it was Roxy
I was like he was just talking about how
like you know each generation like you
know you going you going it evolves it
evolves and you know the younger going
to learn faster you know
I've been trying to like teach that [__]
to like uh older people cuz I like that
o I like that you said that bro because
I seen I don't know if I seen a podcast
or something but I seen something where
it was like nowadays the older heads
kind of got to jump into the younger
generation's world and just learn rather
than like conduct and trying to like
take a step and being in the leadership
type [__] you feel me it's like the
younger generation got hella inspiration
from the from the generation behind them
right facts but like agre our generation
we doing so much new [__] now just like
how it was back in like back then you
know yeah just just like how it was it's
[__] the same [__] it's revers just like
it hasn't really changed it's just
getting bigger and better it's just more
like advanced stuff it's more technology
it's more social feel you know it's not
really a bad it's not a bad thing that
the old head's hopping on the wave and
[__] but like you know it's the old
heads know where this [__] came from too
though you know it came from them it it
came from all these people in the line
bro so mean slap but one thing also bro
like I be I be preaching on [__] you
cannot like I don't care like if like
who sound like who this that and the
third like you cannot like um kickx
yourself no no not even that bro you
cannot say somebody sound like somebody
else like oh yeah always like I'm like
I'mma keep preaching that [__] bro cuz
you really can't like even if that
person is trying to Jack some Swag like
they're not doing it like that other
person so by that being said like it
don't sound like anybody else but
yourself I feel like the on and you can
but you could do it better you know you
always could you could always do it
better but like you know that sh always
you yeah don't ever see it as like you
know I like how you said that because
it's not about the the uh the comparison
you feel me and I feel like a lot of
artists put put themselves in that
pocket whereas like they comparing
themselves more than just like like
knowing that they fire and like you know
I I feel like that's how you are you
know you fire you don't got to compare
yourself like you know everything you do
even just the way you move everywhere
like as in a person you just know you're
fire and when somebody's like that they
know they have like the capability to be
in control whether they got to do this
or they got to do that a lot of people
put their themselves in a comparison
mind State and then they end up being
behind that person because you're too
worried about trying to be this person
or trying to be better than that person
and that'll [__] you up too and I think
one thing me and you be talking about a
lot is like
um you don't want to like you know be
overdoing it also you know like oh yeah
you know I felt like we should bring
that yeah we should bring that up
because like like it's a steady Pace
with this [__] is is if if you set to do
something like you know you should keep
doing [__] but like don't it's a formula
I need figure out how to word this [__]
you it's like a structure for real
because I remember what you what you
trying to get out what you trying to get
out is like what I said it's not a skip
button to this [__] Bro a lot of people
be trying to just jump into this step or
cut out this step and think next thing
you know okay now everything's
established and now everything is lit
and little do you know you didn't go
through all of this so now you're
failing in all of this because you just
skipped to that step and it's just like
bro you got to go through all these
steps to become that big artist
everybody wants to be bro but everybody
wants that [__] everybody wants you to
be that too like it's people who
actually want you to be who who you want
to be too like that's the fan that's the
expect you really gota you gotta know
that too bro like not not everybody just
hating on you bro like it's it's still
people who want you want you to be who
you want to be bro facts you can't look
at the hate yeah BR like I could tell y
that like completely
like that [__] does not bother me I love
it too bro cuz it's a lot of controversy
and for you to speak on that and you
know the work speaks for itself twin I'm
not going to lie they see it BR you're
going crazy every minute every day every
second and it's just like you still have
this side of ha that's all me and you
thinking about BR that's all we thinking
about what's the point of of dwelling on
something or you know being stuck on a
situation when we have to keep going
yeah n there's things happening every
day and every minute you get what I'm
saying and and you can't make everybody
happy remember the one thing I spoke to
you about there's always going to be one
person around you that's not going to be
happy because why because you have to
make yourself happy first BR we have to
keep going BR no matter who's there or
whatever the situation is BR things
change you feel me and that's not in our
control you know what I'm saying so you
know it's a lot of it's a lot of things
but to see you going around you know all
this controversy bro I'm happy that we
here speaking on it bro cuz you know
you're not your average 16y old twin for
real bro you swaged out you know
everything you aware of a lot of things
you make me feel like you're like 25 bro
like every time we have conversation
it's just like I'm finding out something
new and it's just like wow like going
back to like you know I rather just
learn than you know telling him what to
do like sometimes you know what to do
bro and you know what's right so we
going to ball on that we going to ball
on that everything's a calculated risk
bro you get what I'm saying for sure
everything is a risk yeah bro no matter
what it is bro no matter what it is you
also can't have somebody in your life
that's just dictating everything so like
like you can't have the fact that you
brought that up I feel like a lot of
people failing that yeah I feel like a
lot of people feeling that right now
especially yeah failing that because
they tend to listen to this person
because they feel like this person has
this Vision or this look or like they
believe in what they see rather than
like you know watching the action and
preferring the action to happen because
actually is louder than words twin you
get what I'm saying so it's just like
it's hard from you know again letting
all these new people come in like a
manager or whatever the case is and it's
just like yo you don't know the formula
you ain't been around you ain't seen the
insport what this kid be on bro you feel
me so might as well let him get his
ideas out and whatever he has in mind
and ball on that you know what I'm
saying cuz he might just have some
crazier [__] than what the label might
have bro I feel like a lot of y'all are
very like in control in your destiny and
[__] yeah you definitely in control of
your destiny bro you know how to move
and you know I feel like you you read a
lot of your feelings when it comes to
like making the right move in The Next
Step you feel me yeah [__] is crazy bro
like a lot of people see something also
and it's like so quick to just jump on
it you know like o d o really all I be
doing is like on the band lab you know
oh talking about the band lab I just be
on I just be on the band making the
music and you know
so up [__] a label hey look that's how
crazy is getting and like I love the
fact that he just brought this up and
like this is just a general topic
conversation for like everybody and like
labels y'all better start waking up cuz
I swear to God the more that you know
things are getting Advanced the less
these kids need y'all and it's just like
you know a lot of things are starting to
turn into very independent DIY
entrepreneurship
[__] for for example you have a studio
my boy right here don't even need this
studio bro we could be anywhere he'll
bust out the phone ban lab ban lab hit
in 15 to 30 minutes am I am I lying twin
bro like hits I made a I made I ain't
going to lie I made drink that song
drink drink drink and my my mom's car in
like 10 minutes y'all heard it from
the like bro I'll be witnessing it bro
like the phone like the the little cord
the Apple headphones the phone and um I
was in the driveway I won't trying to be
loud in the crib I won't trying to be
sitting there he
was I definitely want on my badass kid
timeing that n not not not the crib with
dukes and [__] yeah you know I be M
respect got to especially with the fans
and [__] but that's you know that's
that's crazy and you know to see because
you have this perspective where it's
like labels think you got to get in the
sto labels think you need a a [__]
but that goes back to the same thing bro
you you can't be doing ev anything and
everything like you can't be doing that
[__] bro cuz that shit's not going to
work well for you it's not it's not it's
not bro you got to do what actually
feels right bro and like I know like do
you feel I got a question do you feel
like you're you're heavily I know the
answer I feel like but um do you feel
like you're very in control of like you
know everything the way that's going for
for your life and like you know your
your
um what's the word I want to say like
you know kind of like you know your your
destiny and the artist you're becoming I
feel like I'm in control of that I just
feel like it's definitely like like a l
more things I need to like hone in on
cuz like you know like you're still
learning still growing bro you're still
young you know what I'm saying I
definitely like know what what I'm
trying to do with this music [__] but
like that's a gift bro so you know that
[__] don't really owe me anything it
doesn't it shouldn't even feel like o
That's So Fire bro that you talking like
that bro because I feel like a lot of
people be coming into this [__] like oh
I'm old they be they coming into this
[__] like they be coming this [__]
like yo like I'm to5 like I'm this
person I know that person I done did
that I done been next to this I got
features from this I got Beats from this
and like where's all that now low I
ain't G to lie that's why like I like
like y'all can't really be looking at me
like that bro cuz it ain't never F to be
nothing like that it ain't it a it's not
and it won't be you know what I'm saying
cuz even then it's like you're in your
own world kind of like Xavier you feel
me it's like in his own world Osama son
everybody is like all in their own world
but when it comes to like you know the
if you could stay in your own world you
could make that [__] oh cuz you're buil
you're you're making your world the
whole thing like stay in your own world
don't don't go into anybody else's you
can make that [__] the whole thing bro
just you got let join your world yes bro
that's what I'm telling you you don't
join nobody else's [__] don't go on your
[__] what's it called what's it
called Islanders and join somebody
else's world bro yeah y y join your own
[__] make your own world all right look
I got the verification from the man
himself CU these are things I usually be
speaking on that I know you know myself
that are solid but for real like really
just create your own world I jumped into
his world when I first met him it wasn't
no hype no nothing but did I believe and
I did I want to understand did I want to
like you know kind of like you know see
where he's coming from and just like
read everything and feel everything I
said yeah bro and I took a risk and I
bald on it and I said no matter where it
goes he fails I fail he wins I win and
it's just like a lot of people don't
tend to realize like don't wait till
anything is hot make that [__] hot
that's what he did he done develop
something so crazy and so new that half
of the people don't even know what to
label it but we here now with the bad
ass [__] yeah we here now with the
badass [__] kid it's like I walk into
the to the label and they be like holy
[__] holy [__] don't even know how to
talk you what type of M what type of
music do you make I'm like [__] hey I
ain't G to lie since we talk about the
label and the kind of music they making
bro it's so crazy you got so many
comparisons bro shout out madx bro the
one I really want to talk to Bro is the
JB situation
bro you the evil JB bro you know that I
know that shout out Justin Bieber son
what's your favorite video game slap
favorite video game yeah I've already
know it
BR Dam you gotta say it bro you gotta
say it what's the what's the main game
you played today better yet favorite
favorite video game nah what's the
what's the most game you played till
today Fort come on bro that's I do not
be playing that [__] all the time do not
listen to this man right here I do not
be playing that [__] all the time I'm
not a fortnite baby I be playing
like I want to say some like
sophisticated
GTA GTA RP yo when GTA 6 coming now oh
God bro hey Rockstar bruh yo rockar I'm
need that [__] on the radio we need we
need drink drink drink on the on the
Rockstar playlist twin that [__] will be
insane I swear to God we need that hey
we also need the net SP skin on the fort
and the 2K and all the [__] games
actually you know what I'm saying we
going to reach out to EA bro actually
bro we got to tell them no if y'all
didn't know I used to skate what I used
to skate from um all right we get into
that I kind of forgot about that yeah
you did forget about that shout out Tom
shout out utmost yo shout out utmost
before the shout out Rich bro before the
me shout out to [__] Rich BR shout
out shout out rich man but before the
music before the SK yeah before the
music it was I was skating a lot I like
that was my [__] like bro my uncle like
he put me
on yeah before he passed like damn he
passed too damn I'm sorry to hear that
bro nah it's straight it's just like he
really like put me on to that he had to
be a cool ass [__] Uncle BR really
put me on to that skate [__] like I
think he got me my first setup was he
good at sking yeah like I think some
clips of him and [__] um I think like
last last year seen like some old ass
like video clips of them skating and
[__] I sh was lit damn that's crazy bro
to to hear your uncle put you on a skate
[__] too especially coming from like the
rich but like all my homies in the rich
used to skate bro like yeah you know
like CE like is the skate Community big
out there I don't even know for real n
it's tight big it Richmond got a big
skate scene bro I ain't going to lie but
it's more like like
um like the old heads in Richmond be
really like um they be real die hard for
that [__] I understand that [__] you
know but like the the youngans in this
skate [__] really turning that [__] up
right now so the old heads in Richmond
like y'all gonna have to you know y'all
G to have to chill the [__] out a little
bit bro because all like all of the
young in Richmond that skating bro they
all turning up bro talking about I'm so
proud of them crazy yeah you right
though you right like bro like anybody
who be skating and be in the skate scene
going to understand what I'm saying bro
because the [__] oldheads bro they be
[__] [__] up sometimes for the
younger
generation everything though twin yeah
it is bro it's like that in the music
[__] too but like it's like that in
every [__] culture bro cuz like one
thing I want to you talking about the
oldheads a lot you know me being an old
head one thing I noticed is that out of
old head though I know but like for me I
don't I don't consider myself a oead
because I'm always in somebody's world
you feel me I come to understand and
that's what the oldheads need to do bro
the oldheads need to dumb they s down
[__] with that I did this that in the
third we know you did this that and the
third come down a little bit come into
their world and come into their shoes
bro cuz you done once been there bro and
they can't forget that I feel like a lot
of people be forgetting not like what
you said they need to dumb their down a
little bit also just because like you
know the things we thinking they like
people they ain't thought you know so
yeah bro everybody has their own POV bro
um do you do you think like this is one
thing I've been speaking about OD it's
like it's kind of like a new law and a
new structure OG's feel like everything
has to be this type of way but like when
it comes to y'all it's like it's no
rules me we make the rules type [__] I
like that bro there no rules like it
shouldn't be bro everybody says like has
to be this way the rules it's the rules
that's holding y'all back so like [__]
them rules turn the [__] up it's them
rules that's on everybody oh God bro you
so right bro and that's how and that's
how it should be it should be I don't
want to say no rules or no stru or
nothing cuz you know you got to have
some type of Shar show or whatever but
as long as you going into this [__] on
some [__] [__] and you hold your
morality to where it's at you going to
stand on [__] as long as you stand on
that business you going to be all right
you feel me yeah like standing on
business is like important really really
really important really really important
and you know I'll be around you a lot
you know the way we work is just it's
just amazing to see you speak up in a
lot of rooms and you know in a lot of
situations where you know your average
16y old won't speak up yeah they'll let
their but it's representative and [__]
you feel me speak up more than them
speaking up it's some [__] that I like
you know I got to do to now that's a
boss mentality bro I want you to know
that you feel me and you know you a
young bossed up genius BR and you know
one thing I always said when it comes to
like y'all y'all younger ones where like
it's like y'all know how to record y
yourself and all that [__] you a wizard
bro I told Xavier the same [__] buddy
know how to skate know how to record
himself know how to mix this [__] all
that we don't need a goddamn thing from
anybody bro just just put up the bag and
believe in this [__] and go with it come
come right with the deal and and believe
in me and that's that's hey look y
message right now that's really all I
can ask from y'all it's just y'all
getting a message from the man now look
the right deal and just believe in me
cuz any I feel like that goes for any
and everybody bro don't try to lock
something in with anybody if you don't
even feel like the intention is right
for that person I feel like a lot of
people be sending [__] on like a
business perspective and they're I
understand it's like heavily business
but put a little bit to the side where
it's like let me feel how that man is
feeling for example like let's say if I
had a label and net is walking into my
building and I never met net and you
know I meet net for the first time he
play me The music I'm overly excited I'm
[__] with it I want to sign it
the moment I feel and I'm thinking on
what to offer him and what should I sign
for I'm putting myself in the shoes and
I feel like a lot of people don't put
their self in their shoes because it's
just like oh we need to make sure we
make back this we need to make sure
we're safe on this we're safe on that
but at the same time what is that
showing you caring about yourselves more
than you're caring about him and you're
not standing on business you're not
trying to take that risk with me so not
trying to take that risk so that just
means that you cropped out the [__]
picture they want us to take a risk with
them not realizing that that they not
taking a risk with us with us and that's
what's crazy oh my god that actually
just hit me o that hit me o I had to
stop that hit me o d bro and like oh my
God bro I love you so much T like bro
the fact that we here now and it's like
the most anticipated [__] BR and you
know to start off season two right bro
I'm just happy we here and I'm just
happy like they get to hear you and see
this [__] twin it's a lot of [__] bro
I've been wanting to hear me speak for
so long it had to be right though yeah
it had to be right situation I ain't
going to lie all those interviews you
seen me in like I ain't going to lie I
was not comfortable doing those like I
was lowkey like forc off guard [__] yeah
it was like mostly off guard [__] some
off guard like I had just finished
performing and now I'm in an interview
but like I ain't gonna front shout out
montreality because I feel like that was
like probably like the most firest thing
yeah you did so far and what was the
question they asked you on their story
it was like son of like how do you
handle uh a relationship or some [__]
like that you was just like sip hella
[__] Dr sip hella drink bro like all
right now look funny how you deal with a
breakup how you deal with a breakup yeah
s hella Drake All right so look funny
story bro the fact that you said that
this is how like this is how close [__]
be bro I swear this is something you do
you do not know but I was like 21 like
22 I was dealing with like this stripper
ho right and this was like the first
time I ever listen in to Future bro and
I'm sitting there I was on my trap [__]
and she played me the tape monster and
I'm listening to the tape monster I'm
listening to it I'm listening to it he's
talking about female dancing on the pole
this that and the third how he ain't
faithful and [__] mind you I got a
Double Cup in my hand stripper hole next
to me and I'm just like it's this [__]
trying to tell me something bro yeah and
then that's when I really realized like
I'm living this [__] right now and that
[__] kind of [__] me up bro because it
was just like I should have picked up on
a lot of [__] that was already around me
that wasn't even realiz time that she a
even pick up on but in that moment you
picked it up and I started making you
pick up a lot of things changed the
whole perspective yeah you feel me that
one thing yeah like and that's how I was
dealing with you know me and my breakups
when I started seeing like females put
me on to that [__] I started stepping
away like nah bro this she toxic bro how
the [__] you going to put me on to
something like that I got a double C in
my head and [__] like that I [__]
with a sh bro and and you making me
listening to this music talking about I
can't trust y'all yeah what you feel me
I feel like definitely feel another
thing I seen too I seen a podcast
talking about I forgot what bro what
what what camp he was part of but he was
talking about no female
um he's talking about no females loyal
and I feel like he wrong on that bro he
definitely wrong I definitely I'm happy
that we we're speaking on it especially
from like my my side of point of view
and your side of point of view because
it's like one thing when it comes to
like relationship you got a ball on that
[__] Bro everything is a calculated risk
again when it comes down even to [__]
relationships it's like are you are you
going to trust that [__] are you going
to believe in it are you going to let
him do what he has to do like you know
you know what I'm saying so it's it's
hard you know fighting that that urge
and like you know trusting them and [__]
like that but I feel like when you deal
with somebody that's just up up to par
as you you got to worry about all that
[__] you feel me cuz you know you on
[__] and they on [__] they on [__] but
like yeah I definitely feel that but I
don't know with this [__]
like you really got to learn how to be
alone though
likeo that is the main key like twin
brother I ain't going to lie this sound
this might even sound like stupid like y
might think I'm like y'all might not
even think that I'm like I'm like really
there for real but like last year I
learned how to like be alone bro you
want to know when I learned how to be
alone when 2021 TW that was two years
ago yeah see and and the fact that you
learn how to be alone now bro that is
insane bro because the best thing to
have is self Lov bro I remember like it
was right right when I got kicked out of
school like crazy I was at the crib H
bro like just chilling at the crib and
like like like my like I got kicked out
of school and then my dad had came me
out right after so I went up to my mom's
crib like she stayed like lowkey in the
middle of nowhere running into hell
situations yeah just running into [__]
and just like you know I was on my [__]
[__] back home like yeah I get get to my
mom [__] I'm like I know I'm missing my
homies I'm missing everything I'm
missing life you know but like I don't
know that that time period when I got
kicked out of school and like all that
stupid [__] happened like it really made
me boss up on this music [__] and it
really made motivated you right when I
right when I bossed up on that music
[__] is right like right before I bossed
up on that music [__] I learned how to
be alone like and that's you were alone
a lot of times too yeah like like really
like like I I ain't even like like this
like early beginning I ain't I ain't
gone up like I ain't gone up yet you
feel me but like it doesn't even feel
like [__] really just starting and we
done did so much exactly but look it's
just yeah I don't know yeah how do you
feel about like you know just out of
everything we've done twin it's been a
lot since we done clicked up bro like
for
real documentary status already like for
real bro like it's been insane just
seeing all the [__] we done done to
where we at now and it doesn't even feel
crazy and I know a lot of people around
us see it as like holy [__] n Spence's
[__] insane
or he's doing all this crazy [__] and
we're like dude calm down not yet we had
we have we even got we haven't even
gotten the ball rolling it's in rotation
but we ain't even really like getting
that [__] spinning yet you know what I'm
saying yeah for real bro I know a lot of
people really be seeing like on the
outside [__] like I know you have a lot
of controversy where people be thinking
like you know you done signed or
whatever the case is or like they think
you're like up or like they think you
have this money and I've also notice
that with with really really close
people right yeah and it's good that
it's happening with the closer ones too
cuz then you seeing bro you seeing what
they what they what the intentions were
in the beginning yeah like I didn't
really know what the intentions were in
the beginning but now that I'm seeing a
little something and they seeing a
little something they trying to take it
and run with got cut it off you can't
let early yeah you can't let that happen
bro you're very very [__] aware bro
the whole learning on how to be alone
twin that is amazing bro cuz you're
going to be alone most of the time
majority of your time you going you
going to die going to die on
y d me up all right so like all right
look this episode I'm not going to front
to you bro you did it this is amazing BR
everything we done talked about is
insane bro I can't even lie to you bro I
feel great with everything you just
spoke about bro you know so much BR you
know mad [__] that I [__] learned two
years ago and the fact that that I'm
cool with you now I love you even more
and I understand you even more now I
can't even front bro how much relatable
with this [__] BR you know Mutual like
everything and the thing is is like the
only reason why I'm saying it like this
is because a lot of people at my age bro
I want to inspire y'all bro like for
real BR like really put yourselves in
nay shoes bro put yourselves in their
world and y'all will see what I see
y'all will feel what I feel y'all
believe what I believe in bro y'all got
to ball on this [__] BR y' got to take a
risk it's new [__] is a new wave it's a
new time BR they taking over BR our time
is already done up we don't had our time
and our fun bro now let's support this
[__] and make this [__] bigger than ever
bro and that's all y'all could do bro
seriously twin you feel me I feel like
there ain't no better way or ain't no
more to even speak on bro like we done
spoke on so much five [__] bro it's
really no like no other way to you know
just do that [__] I'm about this [__]
like do that [__] bro we really be doing
that [__] and sometimes we don't even be
seeing like kind of how I spoke on
earlier I didn't even realize we in
Thanksgiving week bro how much we be
doing [__] we don't forgot the days the
last time we was in LA you over here
asking me what [__] day is it right
I'm like [__] I don't even know I don't
even know but the fact that we so
focused and we so ongo and we
manifesting and you know anything we
thinking of we dreaming of we pushing
towards it and we seeing it and we
living it it's just we're focused then
you know we know we know the journey we
know it's gonna come we know what's
coming we we just working and we just
locked in and you know making sure we
don't skip any steps yeah and ain't no
point to sit here and say I'm better
than any anybody else cuz I'm not hell
no and I hope nobody even try to compare
you to anybody or they they're comparing
themselves to you cuz you're in nobody's
Lane bro you're in your lane you're your
own person you are net spend from the
rich bro badass [__] kid bro and
there's only one badass [__] kid and
that's him all right all right and look
that's how we going to end season 2 bro
I appreciate everybody tapping in we
done got the most anticipated [__] in
you know what I'm saying you got the
badass [__] kid once again my twin my
slime my
slat hot model sex shout out Valentino
bro DJ reny show shout out cavity
entertainment stay tuned for the next
episode man peace slack
Slack
oh twin twin
[Music]
twin